docs: create workflow on dashboard (#189)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/create-chaos-mesh-workflow.md

More workflow examples are available in the [Chaos Mesh GitHub repository](https://github.com/chaos-mesh/chaos-mesh/tree/master/examples/workflow).

> ## Create a workflow using Chaos Dashboard
> 
> ### Step 1. Open Chaos Dashboard, click **NEW WORKFLOW**
> 
> ![New Workflow](./img/new-workflow.png)
> 
> ### Step 2. Setup Basic Workflow Info
> 
> ![Workflow Info](./img/workflow-info.png)
> 
> ### Step 3. Configure the Workflow Nodes
> 
> :::note
> 
> Chaos Dashboard would create a predefined `Serial` node called `entry`, as the entry for this workflow.
> 
> :::
> 
> ![Choose Task Type](./img/choose-task-type.png)
> 
> For example, setup a podkill `PodChaos` called `kill-nginx`, as same as creating a normal chaos experiment.
> 
> ![Create podkill in Workflow](./img/create-podkill-in-workflow.png)
> 
> ### Step 4. Submit Workflow
> 
> You could check workflow definition with "Preview", and click "SUBMIT WORKFLOW" to create the workflow.
> 
> ![Submit Workflow](./img/submit-workflow.png)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a workflow using Chaos Dashboard

### Step 1. Open Chaos Dashboard

Click **NEW WORKFLOW**.

![New Workflow](./img/new-workflow.png)

### Step 2. Setup basic information of the workflow

![Workflow Info](./img/workflow-info.png)

### Step 3. Configure the nodes of the workflow

:::note

Chaos Dashboard automatically creates a serial node named `entry` as the entry point for this workflow.

:::

![Choose Task Type](./img/choose-task-type.png)

The configuration method is the same as creating a normal chaos experiment. For example, you can set up a pod-kill type of `PodChaos` named `kill-nginx`.

![Create podkill in Workflow](./img/create-podkill-in-workflow.png)

### Step 4. Submit the workflow

You can check workflow definition through "Preview", and then click the "SUBMIT WORKFLOW" button to create the workflow.

![Submit Workflow](./img/submit-workflow.png)

```

More workflow examples are available in the [Chaos Mesh GitHub repository](https://github.com/chaos-mesh/chaos-mesh/tree/master/examples/workflow).

## Create a workflow using Chaos Dashboard

### Step 1. Open Chaos Dashboard

Click **NEW WORKFLOW**.

![New Workflow](./img/new-workflow.png)

### Step 2. Setup basic information of the workflow

![Workflow Info](./img/workflow-info.png)

> ### Step 3. Configure the nodes of the workflow
> 
> :::note
> 
> Chaos Dashboard automatically creates a serial node named `entry` as the entry point for this workflow.
> 
> :::
> 
> ![Choose Task Type](./img/choose-task-type.png)
> 
> The configuration method is the same as creating a normal chaos experiment. For example, you can set up a pod-kill type of `PodChaos` named `kill-nginx`.
> 
> ![Create podkill in Workflow](./img/create-podkill-in-workflow.png)
> 
> ### Step 4. Submit the workflow
> 
> You can check workflow definition through "Preview", and then click the "SUBMIT WORKFLOW" button to create the workflow.
> 
> ![Submit Workflow](./img/submit-workflow.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3. Configure the nodes of the workflow

1. Select an option under **Choose task type** according to your needs.

In this example, the "Single” type is selected as the task type.

:::note

Chaos Dashboard automatically creates a serial node named "entry" as the entry point for this workflow.

:::

![Choose Task Type](./img/choose-task-type.png)

2. Fill out the experiment information.

The configuration method is the same as creating a normal chaos experiment. For example, you can set up a "POD KILL" type of "PodChaos" named `kill-nginx`.

![Create podkill in Workflow](./img/create-podkill-in-workflow.png)

### Step 4. Submit the workflow

You can check workflow definition through **Preview**, and then click the **SUBMIT WORKFLOW** to create the workflow.

![Submit Workflow](./img/submit-workflow.png)
```
